Now, that you know how to start the Ross Master and are able to run nodes,
you can begin to investigate the topics and messages
associated with turtlesim node and turtle teleop keynote.
We'll pick up this discussion from where we left off earlier.
Meaning roscore, turtlesim node,
and the turtle teleop key node are all running.
Let's investigate what's going on behind the scenes.
If you had just stumbled upon the system,
you might be inclined to ask which nodes are running.
To answer this, you should open a new terminal and use the command Ross node list.
This command will query the Ross master for a list of
all the active nodes on the system and bring them to the console. There we have it.
A list of three nodes running on the system.
Two of the nodes, should look relatively familiar
as we explicitly lost them just a moment ago,
but what's the third?
Rosout, is a node that is automatically launched by the Ross Master.
It's responsible for aggregating,
filtering and recording log messages to a text file.